

--- guest_WiFi_access ---

ANDROID SMARTPHONE
1. Tap on "WLAN" and select Scenic Guest.
2. Enter the password Spaceship1 and click on the
 option.
3. Scroll down to MAC address type and select the
 option.
4. You are then connected to the WLAN.

APPLE IOS SMARTPHONE
1. Select the Scenic Guest WLAN and enter the 
password Spaceship1.
2. Click on the blue  symbol.
3. Deactivate the private WLAN address and click 
on "Next".
4. Exit the "Settings" and then you are 
connected to the WLAN.


--- A-Z_Listing ---

When traveling, it's the little things that make the biggest differences. That's why we pay special attention to these details! Often it's these little details that you might not even notice. But we believe that it's these details that take the experience to the next level and contribute to a sense of ease and wonder. Here you will find a list of all these little details from A - Z. If you have the feeling that we have forgotten something, please let us know.

A

Alarm  
Medical emergency: To alert a medical team, there is an alarm button on the phone in your suite.  
General Alarm: As soon as the general alarm sounds, please follow the instructions and announcements on board.

All-Inclusive  
On board the Scenic Eclipse I, you will experience unparalleled service, fine cuisine and a free minibar in your suite.  
The free drinks include alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.  
This excludes a certain selection of rare vintage wines, champagne and spirits, which must be purchased on board.

Assembly Stations  
Our assembly station is clearly marked on the escape and rescue plan on the back of your suite door. Please familiarize yourself with the escape routes. The assembly stations A1 & A6 are located in Koko’s and Elements Restaurant on deck 4. The assembly stations B1 & B2 are located in the Panorama Lounge in the midship on deck 4.

B

Bathrobe  
You will find a bathrobe in your suite, which you are welcome to use for the duration of your stay. Slippers are also provided, which you are welcome to take with you after your stay.

Bars  
The Scenic Eclipse I offers a diverse selection of bars and lounges. You can find the opening times in your Daily Wonder TV program. 
Scenic Bar, on deck 4 - perfect for relaxing after an excursion or before dinner.
Azure Bar & Café, on deck 5 - offers an informal meeting place - with coffee, tea or a selection of wines and spirits.
Observation Lounge, on deck 5 - has a self-service station for coffee and tea.  
Panorama Bar, on deck 10 - is stylishly furnished and equipped with indoor and outdoor seating as well as sun loungers and 2 Jacuzzis. The perfect place to enjoy a cocktail or drink of your choice

Bed linen
Bed linen is changed every three days. If you would like an earlier change, please contact Guest Services.

Library
The library in the Observatory Lounge (deck 5) contains books about the destinations of your cruise. You are welcome to browse through these books and borrow them during your cruise. Please return the books at the end of your cruise.

Bridge
Guests are generally welcome on the bridge. Your captain will introduce you to the open bridge rule during the welcome briefing.

Boutique
Our boutique is located at the front of deck 4 and offers high- quality fashion, luxury watches and jewelry. You can find the opening hours in your Daily Wonder TV program.

C

Crew Areas  
Areas marked "Crew Only" are exclusively for the ship's employees. Please understand that guests are not permitted in these areas.

D

Daily Wonder  
You will find your daily program, Daily Wonder, in your TV program. It includes meal times, activities, excursions and useful information about the day and the port of call.

E

Entertainment  
From tailor-made shows and game shows in our theater to relaxing in the Scenic Longe where our pianist will enchant you, there is a variety of entertainment options for all our guests. All activities can be found in your Daily Wonder TV program.

First aid  
If you need first aid or other medical assistance, please contact Guest Services, the medical center on deck 3 or one of the crew members.

F

Binoculars  
All suites are equipped with binoculars for use during the cruise equipped. Please bring these to return to your suite at the end of the journey.

Television  
Information about Scenic Eclipse I and your Daily Wonder as well as voyage details, live and recorded theater events can be accessed using your TV. Under “Services” you can find the yacht directory, the dining offer, the wellness menu and the entertainment offer. You also have access to a wide range of TV channels, free movies and a large selection of music.

Fitness Center  
The fitness center is located on deck 7 in the middle of the ship. This includes a PURE (yoga and Pilates) and POWER gym. You can find the opening times in your Daily Wonder TV program.

H

Hair dryer  
A Dyson hairdryer can be found either on the washbasin or in the drawer in the bathroom cabinet.

Breakfast  
An extensive breakfast is available at the Yacht Club & Azure Café & Bar. You can find the dining times in your Daily Wonder TV program.

G

Guest service  
Our guest service is available 24 hours a day. Simply use the speed dial button on your phone.

Luggage  
You can easily stow your luggage under the bed.

H

Towels  
By hanging up and reusing your towels, you are helping us to protect the environment. If a towel needs to be changed, please place it in the sink.

Housekeeping  
Your suite will be cleaned daily and a daily turndown service is included. Please contact guest services if you have any special requests.

K

Coat hanger  
You will find hangers in your checkroom. If you need additional hangers, please do not hesitate to contact Guest Services.

Air conditioning  
The air conditioning in the entrance area of your suite allows you to regulate the temperature individually. It is best to keep your balcony door closed at all times to maintain a comfortable temperature in the suite and prevent insects from entering.

Cruise schedule  
No matter how carefully we plan in advance, circumstances b e y o n d  o u r control may arise that require changes to the itinerary or schedule. From weather conditions t o  entry requirements, there are situations beyond our control. We ask for your understanding should such a situation arise.

Massage  
Enjoy a relaxing massage in the spa on deck 6 (self-pay basis). You can find more information in the wellness overview.

Medical center  
Our medical center on deck 3 is staffed by a doctor and a nurse. It is equipped for most medical emergencies and everyday consultations. Consultations are available in the morning and afternoon. You can find the times in your Daily Wonder TV program.

Minibar  
The contents of the minibar are free of charge and are replenished daily.

P

Pools  
There is a pool in the Senses Spa on deck 6 and 2 Jacuzzis on the sun deck | deck 10.

R

Smoking  
Scenic Eclipse I is a non-smoking ship (including e-cigarettes) and smoking is prohibited in all public areas, including the verandas and terraces of the suites. There is a smoking area for all guests on deck 10. Please do not throw cigarettes overboard.

Umbrellas  
You will find two umbrellas in your wardrobe that you can use during the trip.


Life jackets  
In the unlikely event of an emergency, you will find life jackets in your suite.  
Please read the safety instructions on the inside of your suite door and watch the safety video on your TV.

S  

Safe  
There is a safe with instructions for use in your suite for your valuables. If you need help, please contact Guest Services.

Sauna & steam bath  
The sauna and steam bath are free of charge and are located in the spa.

Security  
When you switch on the TV for the first time, you will be prompted to watch the security video. To use the entertainment and television system, you must watch the video in full. Please also read through the safety instructions in your suite and make a note of your assembly point.  
When you return on board, your handbag or hand luggage may be checked.

Spa  
Our exclusive spa is located on deck 6, you will be pampered with the best products during a relaxing massage or a rejuvenating facial treatment. You can book by phone or at the spa reception (self-payment). Please arrive 15 minutes before your appointment.

Games  
Card and board games are available in the Observation Lounge on deck 5.

Language  
Our team and tour guides speak English, as this is the official language on board. All announcements and lectures are given in English. We will do our best to support you if you speak another language.

Electricity  
The power supply on board is 220 volts/60 Hz. Your suite is equipped with Schuko sockets, international sockets (multiple sockets) and USB type A sockets. There is also a 110 V/60 Hz socket (USA) and a shaver socket.

T

Telephone  
Each suite has a telephone with which you can make calls within the ship or to the coast. Calls to the coast are charged to your on-board account. As the satellite service is expensive, you can use your private cell phone with the roaming function for international calls (charges are billed to your cell phone account). For more information, see the section on phone instructions.

Theater  
In the theater on deck 4 you can experience tailor-made and unique musical performances from various genres.  
You can find details in your Daily Wonder TV program.

Drinking water  
As part of our commitment to sustainability, water carafes are provided in your suite. For excursions, we provide you with free, reusable bottles that can be refilled at various points on the ship. Thank you for your support in protecting the environment.

U

Environment  
It is strictly forbidden to throw anything off the boat.

W

Laundromat  
The Scenic Eclipse I has a free self-service launderette on deck 3, which is equipped with modern washing machines, dryers and steam ironing boards and is available around the clock.

Currency  
The currency on board is the US dollar, and we also accept Visa, MasterCard and Maestro credit cards.

Weather  
You can find the weather forecast on your TV and on several screens distributed around the ship.

Wi-Fi  
The Scenic Eclipse I offers free internet via VSAT satellite technology. The strength of the signal can be affected by terrain and weather conditions and is limited in remote areas. If you need help connecting to the Internet, please contact Guest Services.

Z

Newspapers  
We offer free international English-language newspapers in digital and printed form. Contact guest services for further inquiries.

Customs regulations  
If you wish to import or export goods to a country, you must comply with the applicable customs regulations. If you have any questions, you can contact Guest Services at any time.

Telephone – Notes

Helpful tips  
You can reach the guest service via the speed dial button on your phone.  
To call another suite, please dial 2 followed by the desired suite number.  
To call abroad, dial 0 for an outside line, then 00 for international calls, then the country code and area code (without the first 0), followed by the phone number. (Attention: chargeable)

Country codes:  
Australia – 61  
Belgium – 32  
Bulgaria – 359  
Germany – 49  
France – 33  
Canada – 1  
Croatia – 385  
Netherlands – 31  
New Zealand – 64  
Austria – 43  
Romania – 40  
Serbia – 381  
Slovakia – 421  
Czech Republic – 420  
Republic of – 36  
Hungary – 1  
USA – 1  
United Kingdom – 44

Outgoing call charges:  
From ship to shore (including toll-free numbers) – $3.00 per minute  
From ship to ship (via satellite) – $11.00 per minute

Television – Notes

Helpful tips  
Point the remote control at the TV when operating it and wait about 5 seconds for the TV to switch on.  
After a power failure, it may take about 1 minute for the TV to come back on.

Suite TV – Remote Layout (Visual Diagram)

==============================
       SUITE TV REMOTE GUIDE
==============================

This layout replicates the physical button arrangement of the TV remote found in each suite.
Use it to understand the location and function of each button.

---------------------------------------
          REMOTE CONTROL LAYOUT
---------------------------------------

              +--------------------+
              |   Power ON/OFF     |
              +--------------------+
              |       [Mute]       |
              +--------------------+

              |        ▲           |   ← Volume Up / Menu Up
              |   ◄   [OK]   ►     |   ← Left / Confirm / Right
              |        ▼           |   ← Volume Down / Menu Down

  +----------------+  +----------------+
  |     Louder     |  |      Back      |
  +----------------+  +----------------+
  |    Quieter     |  |  Channel Up ▲  |
  +----------------+  +----------------+
  |     Links      |  | Channel Down ▼ |
  +----------------+  +----------------+

              [   Home   ]


---------------------------------------
           BUTTON FUNCTION GUIDE
---------------------------------------

• Power ON/OFF  
  Turns the TV on or off. Hold for 1–2 seconds if unresponsive.

• Mute  
  Instantly silences the audio.

• Arrow Buttons (▲ ◄ ▼ ►)  
  Navigate menus and adjust settings. Use with the OK button to select.

• OK (Center Select)  
  Confirms a highlighted option in the menu.

• Louder / Quieter  
  Controls volume.

• Back  
  Returns to the previous screen or menu.

• Channel Up / Down  
  Switches channels when watching live TV.

• Links  
  May provide menu shortcuts or interactive options.

• Home  
  Brings you back to the main menu or TV dashboard.

---------------------------------------
        TROUBLESHOOTING TIPS
---------------------------------------

- Point the remote directly at the TV sensor.
- After a power outage, the TV may take 1 minute to turn on.
- Use the “Home” button if you're lost in the menu.
- Contact Guest Services if the remote is unresponsive or missing.


Important notes

The general emergency signal consists of 7 short and one long tone, which sounds over the ship's loudspeaker system. As soon as you hear this signal, even if the yacht is in port, please return to your cabin immediately. Please put on your lifejacket and warm clothing (Personal Survival Kit) and go to your assembly point, which is also indicated on your door.

When you arrive at your meeting point, a crew member will check your name off a checklist. The checklist is created before each trip and tells the crew which meeting point you have been assigned to and what special needs you have.

If for some reason you are unable to go back to your cabin to get your life jacket (and your personal survival kit), don't worry.
A life jacket (and your personal survival pack) can also be handed out to you at the meeting point.

The lifejacket is equipped with a light and inflates automatically when it comes into contact with seawater. If the lifejacket does not inflate, it can be inflated by manually pulling on the red tabs you received from the crew.

The yacht is equipped with low-level emergency lighting installed in the floors of the corridors to guide you to an exit in the event of a power failure.

It is important that you do not use the elevators in an emergency, as they may not work in the event of a power failure.

Please be careful when moving around the ship as the decks can b e slippery when wet, especially in the pool areas or when it has rained. Please also be aware of raised thresholds and steps when walking through doorways, especially in your cabins. We also ask you to use handrails when walking through the corridors and using the stairs.

The yacht has a strict environmental policy and uses the latest technology to reduce its impact on the environment. It is important that all waste is processed on board. Therefore, please do not throw anything overboard, including cigarettes or cigars, which can easily be drawn back into the ship and start a fire. In the unlikely event that the ship has to be abandoned in an emergency, all guests will be accommodated in the lifeboats. The order to leave the ship will be
g i v e n verbally by the captain, whereupon you will be escorted from the assembly point to your assigned lifeboat with the help of the crew.



--- Checklist ---

Packing list
Travel documents and finances
✓ Passport
✓ ESTA authorization /eTA authorization
✓ Health insurance card
✓ Credit card (plus telephone number to block the card in an emergency). Note:
Depending on the credit card, a PIN may be requested.
✓ Flight itinerary, which you received by e-mail
✓ Rail tickets, if applicable, if you have specified Rail&Fly
✓ Vaccination certificate
Clothing and shoes
✓ During the day: sporty - casual leisure wear and comfortable, sturdy
shoes for excursions
✓ Please dress appropriately at mealtimes
✓ In the evening: smart - casual, smart but casual: with jeans or trousers,
shirt, blouse or dress you are dressed just right.
Highlight evening on 11.10. in New York City - Motto: Glitz & Glamor We
ask you to choose a festive and elegant gown.
For the gentlemen: nice evening wear (shirt, no jacket headlights) For
the ladies: chic & party-ready
✓ Warm sweaters and a jacket for cool temperatures
✓ Rain jacket
✓ Headgear (sun hat, cap, baseball cap or similar)
✓ Sunglasses
✓ Swimsuit / bikini or swimming trunks (note: plunge pool in the spa
/ 2 Jacuzzis on deck 10)
Please also note the other clothing instructions in your personal agenda! We 
recommend carrying an outfit in your hand luggage on arrival and departure in 
case you want to freshen up on the way.
Maximum amount of liquids in hand baggage: Each individual container may only 
contain 100 ml of liquid and the combined amount of all liquids may not exceed 1 
liter. These must be stored in a sealable and transparent plastic bag.

The following small things can m a k e  your time on site more pleasant:
✓ Daypack for excursions
✓ Sportswear if applicable (please note the information in your personal
agenda)
✓ Charging cable for smartphone (and possibly tablet)
✓ Optional: socket adapter (for charging in between, there are Euro plugs
on the Scenic Eclipse)
✓ Powerbank
✓ Headphones


--- SPA_services ---

file4.txt
SPA TREATMENTS

Premium Pampering
- Scenic Rejuvenate – 120 min – $379
- Scenic Revive – 120 min – $379
- Scenic Relax – 90 min – $289
- Warm Aromatic Poultice Heaven – 90 min – $295

Massage & Body Treatments
- Relaxing Inner Calm Massage by ESPA – 60 / 90 min – $185 / $255
- Deep Muscle Massage by ESPA – 60 / 90 min – $205 / $289
- Bamboo Tension & Stress Release Massage – 60 / 90 min – $225 / $295
- Thai Massage – 60 / 90 min – $208 / $305
- Hot Stone Melt Away Massage by ESPA – 60 / 90 min – $235 / $305
- Reflexology – 60 min – $205
- Muscle Reviver by ESPA – 40 min – $159
- Long Walk Leg Recovery (25% off with Walking tours) – 40 min – $139
- Ocean Glow Body Scrub – 25 min – $99

Facial Treatments
- The Natural Face Lift by ESPA – 90 min – $337
- Active Nutrients Glow from Within by ESPA – 60 min – $210
- Inner Beauty Facial by ESPA – 60 min – $210
- Men’s Deep Cleansing Facial by ESPA – 60 min – $197
- Dermalux Rejuvenating LED Therapy – 30 min – $89
- Instant Eye Lift – 30 min – $89
- Cryotherapy Globes by ESPA – 15 min – $59

HAIRDRESSING

- Wash & Style – $69 – $99
- Cut & Style – $85 – $119
- Full Head Color (wash & style included) – $149 – $199
- Root Touch Up (wash & style included) – $129 – $149
- Partial Highlights (wash & style included) – $149
- Full Highlights (wash & style included) – $229
- Updo / Up-Style – $99

Barbering Services
- Gent’s Cut – $59
- Beard Trim – $29
- Gent’s Color – $69 – $89
- Gent’s Package (Hair Cut & Shave) – $149

MANICURE / PEDICURE

- Rejuvenating Retreat Manicure – 60 min – $119
- Rejuvenating Retreat Pedicure – 75 min – $169
- Long-lasting Gel Manicure (Shellac) – 50 min – $119
- Long-lasting Gel Pedicure (Shellac) – 60 min – $129
- Glow and Go Manicure – 35 min – $55
- Glow and Go Pedicure – 45 min – $89
- Gel Nails Extension – 90 min – $195

Nail Enhancement’s
- Paraffin Perfection Treatment – $29
- Soak Off – $29
- Nail Fix – 15 min – $20
- Hand Massage – 25 min – $89
- Foot Massage – 25 min – $99

ADVANCED BEAUTY

- Full Leg Wax – $78
- Half Leg Wax – $53
- Underarm Wax – $46
- Lip / Chin / Eyebrow Wax – $28
- Bikini Wax – $53
- Brazilian Wax – $79
- Eyebrow Tint – $35
- Eyelash Tint – $37

FITNESS / WELLNESS

- Personal Training – 60 / 30 min – $127 / $75
- Personal Yoga / Pilates / TRX Session – 60 / 30 min – $127 / $75
- Back Pain Free with exercise (PT session) – 30 min – $75
- Back Pain Free with exercise Course of 3 – 30 min – $199
- Sound Vibration Leg-Relax Therapy * – 45 / 30 min – $119 / $99
- Therabody Relax Lounger (Sound & vibration therapy) – 45 / 30 min – $65 / $49

(* On selected vessels only – please check availability at Spa Reception)



--- application_process ---

Guide
to apply for the ESTA visa
for entry into the USA

Instructions for applying for the electronic travel authorization (ESTA) 
for the USA
Before entering the USA, all travelers must obtain an electronic travel authorization (ESTA). The ESTA 
currently costs $21 (as of February 2024) (approx. EUR 20.00) and is available on the official website:
https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/ directly to the CBP (border authority).
Payment is made by credit card or PayPal.
We recommend submitting the application as early as possible, but no later than 72 hours before departure for the USA, and not using 
any other VISA provider to ensure that the application and approval process runs smoothly.
Please check in advance whether your passport is still valid for at least 6 months after your return from the USA. If you 
have an existing and valid ESTA travel authorization, you do not need to apply for a new one.
You will need the following documents for the application:
▪ Passport and identity card
▪ Credit card or PayPal access data
▪ Contact details of your emergency contact and your employer
After receiving your ESTA authorization, please print it out and keep it in your hand luggage together with
your passport for entry and at the end of your trip for the border authorities.
If you have been in Cuba with your current passport on or after January 12, 2021, please contact us by phone 
at +49 791 49 380 162 or by e-mail at
clubreisen@marbet.com to contact us.

STEP BY STEP INSTRUCTIONS
All information is subject to change. After each step, you can pause via [SAVE AND CLOSE] and complete the application 
within 7 days.
Create new application
1. You can change the language to [GERMAN] at the top right.
2. Click on [CREATE NEW APPLICATION].
3. Have you already started filling out your ESTA? Then click on [CONTINUE PROCESSING EXISTING APPLICATION].


This is the main screen where you start the ESTA application.

From here, you can:
- Click "NEUEN ANTRAG ERSTELLEN" to create a new application
- Or click "BESTEHENDEN ANTRAG WEITER BEARBEITEN" to continue an existing one

See [esta_home_screen.jpeg] to view the official site layout.



Then select who you are filling out the ESTA for:
individual person [INDIVIDUAL APPLICATION]

In this screen, you must select who the ESTA application is for.

- Choose "Individueller Antrag" (Individual Application)
- Then click on "TRAG ERSTELLEN" to begin
- If you're resuming, click "TRAG WEITER BEARBEITEN"

Below, you’ll need to agree to the Security Notification, Waiver and Travel Promotion Act of 2009 by clicking:
[Yes, I have read and understood this information...]

See [esta_individual_application.jpeg] for a screenshot of this step.


Security  Notification,  Waiver  and Travel  Promotion  Act of 2009
Please read and acknowledge the Security Notification, Waiver and Travel Promotion Act of 2009 by clicking on
[Yes, I have read and understood this information and hereby agree to these terms and conditions]. Continue with 
[NEXT]

SECURITY NOTIFICATION
You are about to gain access to a Department of Homeland Security computer system. This 
computer system and the data contained therein are the property of the U.S. Government and 
are provided for the purposes of official information and official use by the U.S. Government. In 
the course of using this computer system, you have no expectation that your privacy will be 
protected.

This is the German section of the ESTA Security Notification.

It explains that by using this system, users agree to the terms and conditions.  
This section confirms that passwords or other security measures do not guarantee privacy.

See [esta_security_notice_german.jpeg] for the official German-language disclaimer.


unauthorized use or modification of the system or the data contained therein, or
Title 18 of the U.S. Criminal Code or other criminal statutes. All persons who access a federal 
computer system without authorization or who are authorized to do so.
or in any form whatsoever, make it your own, alter it, damage it, destroy it or
Computer system rvIrd monitored for admlnistrative purposes, police larbei\ crlminal investigation 
purposes, tracing of alleged misconduct or abuse, and to ensure the appropriate performance of the 
respective €ic herheitsch arakterlst Ika and incidents
Waiver
The Electronic Travel Authorization System performs checks against police databases. All travelers wishing to obtain a travel authorization to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program must 
have obtained an electronic travel authorization using this system before boarding a "ransportmltteT.
If your electronic application for travel authorization has been granted, this confirms the fact that you may travel, but does not confirm the fact that you may enter the United States under the visa 
waiver program. Upon your arrival in the United States, you will be inspected at your point of entry by a U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office, which may decide not to admit you under 
the Visa Waiver Program for any reason under the laws of the United States
The decision that you are not eligible for electronic travel authorization does not prevent you from applying for a travel visa to the United States.
All information provided by you or on your behalf by a designated third party must be true and accurate. Electronic travel authorizations may be revoked at any time and for any reason, such as 
new information affecting the oualification. If you knowingly and intentionally make materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements or claims in an electronic application for travel authorization 
submitted by you or on your behalf, you will be subject to revocation.
Administration s or crlminal penalties.
WARNING: If, in the course of your application for entry into the United States under the Visa Waiver ProgramP ) , you have been cleared for entry by a U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection officer at any point of entry, you will not be permitted to accept unauthorized employment, attend school or represent foreign information technology+r4s media during 
your visit under the aforementioned program. You are also prohibited from applying for 1) a change to nonimmigrant status, 2) an extension of stay,  or 3) adjustment of status to temporary or 
permanent unless you qualify under Section 2°5(c)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Any violation of this condition will result in your .
Please indicate that you have read and understood the above information.
/*" him e P 200
On March 2010, President Obama signed the Travel Promotion Act {TPA) at 2004, Pub. L. No. 111-145. The Act directs the Department of Homeland 
Security to establish a fee for the use of the ESTA system. Under the Further Consolidated Apprognation s Act, 2020 (PL 11ö-94), the fee for the ESTA application was increased to $21. dle 
consists of $817 00 for each MP applicant who o b t a i n s  a travel authorization to the United States. and S .00 for processing the ESTA application. Applicants who are denied authorization to 
enter the U.S. under the MP will only be charged S°.OO. The fee can only be paid by credit card or PayPal. Applicants can save the application data and return to the application at a later date to 
enter the payment information. However, the application will then be processed.
¥/RNNOTICE: The fee will be charged via credit card or PayPal. It is therefore wiclTgg that all applicants enter their ESTA and payment information correctly. If 
information is entered incorrectly, applicants may incur additional fees for a new application. However, updates to existing applications are not subject to additional fees. Applicants who do  not 
complete the payment process will not be authorized to travel to the United States and will not be permitted to board aircraft or vessels bound for the United States if 
applicants stop payment of the fee. their respective travel authorization to the United States will be revoked CBP is not liable 
for any additional fees that may be charged by the applicant or by Pay-al He transaction. By submitting the application button in the application process, applicants agree that they will not 
dispute any of the administrative fees charged by CBP for use of the  ESTA system, and they further acknowledge that there will be no refunds.
Please indicate that you have read and understood the above information:
@ Yes. I have read and understood this information and hereby agree to these terms and conditions.
EXIT

Upload passport
Please upload a picture of your passport - by clicking on [UPLOAD YOUR PASS].
Please note that the machine-readable part of the passport in particular must be clearly legible and in focus. After 
uploading, you can adjust the data manually if necessary.

This step shows how to upload your passport photo.

- Click on [UPLOAD YOUR PASS]
- Make sure the machine-readable zone (MRZ) is clear and focused
- You can use your camera or select from the gallery

This image also shows:
- Example of a passport
- Where to find the MRZ section
- The scanning screen with options: "Von Kamera" and "Von Gallerie"

See [esta_upload_passport.jpeg] to visually understand what your passport photo should look like and how to upload it.



Check and confirm
After successfully uploading the passport, please check and confirm the automatically transferred data. Please make 
sure that all data has been transferred correctly.

After uploading your passport, the system will automatically extract your details from the MRZ section.

This screen asks you to confirm that the transferred information is correct.  
You can still edit the data on the "INFORMATIONEN DES ANTRAGSTELLERS EINGEBEN" page if needed.

See [passport_confirmation.jpeg] for the exact confirmation screen in German.


Applicant / Passport information
Please check once again that all data is correct and exactly as stated in your passport
also add missing data, please note the following information:
• Double names such as "Meyer-Müller" must always be hyphenated
• First names that contain a hyphen, such as "Torben-Hendrik", must also be adopted accordingly
• If you have more than one first name without a hyphen, only the first name mentioned in your passport must be given
• Please display umlauts such as Ä, Ö, Ü or ß as in the machine-readable part
• Passport numbers consist of a combination of letters and numbers. Particular care must be taken with the letter O
and the number 0 as well as the letter I and the number 1.

This is the page where you enter your passport information exactly as it appears in your document.

Make sure:
- The passport number, issue country, and validity dates are accurate.
- Your birth date and nationality match your official passport.

Refer to [esta_passport_info_form.jpeg] to see the full form layout with examples.


Other citizenship / nationality
Please indicate whether you have or have ever had another nationality and enter your e-mail address. Then continue 
with [NEXT].

Please indicate your other citizenship or nationality, and enter your email address.
Make sure to confirm the email.
See [email.jpeg] for the exact form layout.

Confirmation of the data
Please confirm once again that your surname, first name, passport number and date of birth are correct.

Please confirm that your surname, first name, passport number, and date of birth are correct.
See [confirm.jpeg] for the confirmation screen layout.

Code input
You will receive a 4-digit code by e-mail, which you enter in the following window and confirm with [ENTER CODE].

You will receive a 4-digit code by email. Enter it in the provided field and confirm using [ENTER CODE].
See [code.jpeg] for the code input screen layout.

Enter personal data
Please state whether you are known under any other names (e.g. stage names) and whether you have ever held a passport or identity 
card from another country.

See [personal.jpeg] for the full form layout.


Social media
Only optional to fill in.
GE/NEXUS/SENTRI membership
Please select [NO].

See [social.jpeg] for the social media and membership section.


Parents
Please enter the names of your parents.

See [parents.jpeg] for the parents section layout.


Information about your professional career
Please indicate whether you currently have an employer and enter the information.

See [job.jpeg] for the employment information section.

Travel information
Please click [NO] when asked if you are in transit.
Indicate your location in the USA. Please enter the data of the ship:
1) Name: M.V. Scenic Eclipse
2) Address: 4000 Hollywood Blvd - Apartment No. Suite 625
3) City: Hollywood
4) State: Florida
5) Country code: USA (+1)
6) Telephone number: 857-837-0373
Please select [YES] for "ADDRESS DURING YOUR STAY IN THE USA" to confirm that the above information can be transferred.

See [travel.jpeg][travel2.jpeg] for the travel form fields.

Emergency contact
Please enter an emergency contact at home and click [NEXT]:
a) Surname and first name
b) E-mail address
c) Country code and telephone number without "0"

See [emergency.jpeg] for the form layout.

Questions  regarding  eligibility to participate
You will be asked whether you pose a security risk to the USA. Please note that answering YES/NO may result in the application 
being rejected. Please answer the questions truthfully.

See [eligibility.jpeg] for the full list of questions.

Waiver of rights
You confirm the accuracy of your details and your consent to the processing of the data you have provided. If you are filling out the 
form for another person, please check the box "Exclusively for third parties".
Then continue with [NEXT]

See [waiver.jpeg] for the screen layout.

Check your application
Check your data again very carefully. Subsequent changes are no longer possible. With
Click on [EDIT] to adjust your data one last time. Select [CONFIRM AND CONTINUE] when all information is correct.
The last step is to e n t e r  your passport number, country of issue, surname and date of birth. Then click on [NEXT] to complete the 
form.

See [check.jpeg] for details.


Payment
Now the payment of the application follows. Click on the box next to [DECLARATION OF PAYMENT] and confirm with [PAY 
NOW]. You will then be asked whether you would like to pay by credit card or PayPal. You must enter your payment details or you 
will be redirected to the PayPal website. After successfully completing the payment, you will receive an overview of your 
application,
which you can print or save.
You do not need to have your own credit card. You can also use a family member's or friend's credit card for payment.

See [payment.jpeg] for what this step looks like.


E-mail confirmation
After your application has been approved, you will receive an email. Please then go back to the original website 
https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/ and change the language to [GERMAN] in the top right-hand corner.
Status
Click on [CHECK ESTA STATUS], select [CHECK INDIVIDUAL STATUS] or [CHECK GROUP STATUS].
If you have not received an e-mail, you can also check the status this way.

See [status.jpeg] for visual guidance.


Retrieve individual application
Enter your passport number and date of birth as well as your order number and click [CALL APPLICATION]. If you have 
misplaced these, you can also enter the following data on the right:
• Nationality
• Date of issue of your passport
• Validity of your passport
Your approved ESTA
You will be shown your approved ESTA, which you should print out and save.
We ask you to keep this printout in your hand luggage together with your passport for your flight,  check-in 
on board and at the end of your journey for the border authorities.
The ESTA travel authorization is valid for up to two years after it is issued.


--- entry_Canada ---

Guide
to apply for the eTA visa
for entry into 
Canada

Instructions  for applying  for the electronic  travel authorization  (eTA) to 
Canada
Before entering Canada, all travelers must obtain an electronic travel authorization (eTA). The eTA 
currently costs 7 CAD (as of February 2024) (approx. EUR 5.00) and is available on the official website: 
https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/visit-canada/eta/apply-de.html
directly to the Government of Canada. 
Payment can only be made by credit card.
We recommend submitting the application as early as possible, but no later than 72 hours before departure for Canada, and not using 
any other VISA provider to ensure that the application and approval process runs smoothly.
Please check in advance whether your passport is still valid for at least 6 months after your return from Canada. 
If you have an existing and valid eTA travel authorization, you do not need a new application.
You will need the following documents for the application:
▪ a valid passport from a country that does not require a visa
▪ a valid e-mail address
▪Credit card
Important  additional information
The application and payment of the fee can only be made for one person at a time. For example, you must complete and submit 
three separate forms for a family of three.
Please make sure that you print out your receipt immediately. It is not possible to print it out at a later date. A copy can also no 
longer be issued.
The visa authority will only contact you by e-mail. Please also check your junk mail folder.
Your information will not be saved. You only have a limited amount of time to fill out the form for the
but you can extend your session if you need a little more time. If the window with the timeout warning is displayed, please click on 
the "Continue session" button. Make sure you have all the documents you need to complete the form with the help of the 
instructions.

STEP BY STEP INSTRUCTIONS
All information is subject to change.
Create new application

See eta_start.jpeg for details

1. Click on "Get final instructions to apply for an eTA".
Then select whether  you are in possession  of a passport  issued  in France :

Instructions for entering your passport information
▪ You will find the passport number at the top right of the page with your picture.
▪ Most passport numbers are between 8 and 11 characters long. If the number is shorter or longer when you enter it, please 
check that you are using the correct number.
▪ The passport number is a combination of numbers and letters. Pay attention to the letter O and the number 0 as well as 
the letter I and the number 1. As a rule, the letter O is not used in any passport number.
▪ Please do not enter any special characters such as a hyphen or spaces.
Country of issue of your passport
▪ Select the country code listed in your passport.
▪ You will find this in the "Code/Code/Code" field.
▪ Pay attention to the selection of the country code in the list. Some countries have several options and some country codes are
similar to yours.

See passport_info.jpeg for an example
See passport_info1.jpeg for guidance

If you enter the wrong passport  number  or country  code, you may not be able to board the flight.
▪The error may only become apparent at the airport.
▪ A new eTA travel authorization must be applied for at the airport
▪ Depending on the situation, you may not be able to apply for an eTA travel authorization due to the short notice.
Please click on "Continue to the eTA application form" to apply for your personal eTA travel authorization.
Are you applying  for a travel authorization  on behalf of another  person?
If you are applying for yourself, you must answer NO to the first question.
If you are submitting the application as a parent/guardian or representative for another person, you must answer YES
When you click NEXT, you will be redirected to the section of the form where you need to provide information about the applicant 
(yourself or the person you are applying for).
Which  travel document  are you planning  to enter Canada  with?

Select  the travel document  you will use to enter Canada  from the following  options:
(See travel_doc.jpeg for the full list and German descriptions.)

Which country issued your passport?
Select the country of issue of your passport. Select the country code that corresponds to the one on your passport.
What nationality is stated in your passport?
Find the "Nationality" field on the picture page of your passport
Entering the applicant's information
▪ Passport number - Please enter the exact number as listed in your passport
▪ Enter passport number again - this cannot be entered by "copy and paste"
▪Last name - Please enter exactly as listed in the passport
▪ First name - Please enter exactly as listed in the passport
▪Date of birth
▪Gender
▪Country of birth
▪Place of birth - Please enter exactly as listed in the passport

Entering the applicant's information
▪ Date of issue of the passport
▪ Expiration date of the passport
▪Do you have another citizenship? If yes, please indicate this. If not, this field should already be pre-filled with an 
entry.
▪Marital status
▪Have you ever applied for or been in possession of a visa, eTA or permit to visit, live, work or study in Canada?

Information about your employer
▪Occupation - Select the option that best describes your occupation
▪Job title / Title
▪Name of your employer
▪ Registered office of the company (country)
▪ Registered office of the company (city)
▪ How long have you been working for your current employer?

Contact information
▪ Preferred language in which you would like to be contacted - Only English or French is possible
▪ E-mail address - Please enter a valid e-mail address here
▪ Re-enter the e-mail address
Residential address
Please enter your home address. A temporary residential address is not possible
▪ Apartment number (if available)
▪House number
▪Street
▪Street 2 (if available)
▪City
▪Country
▪Federal state

Travel information
▪Do you already know when you will be traveling to Canada?
▪When are you planning to enter Canada?
▪Please enter the departure time to Canada (approximate)
The Top Club 2024 will arrive in Canada on October 04, 2024.
You can enter 14:00 as the approximate departure time from Germany. You can find the dates again below.
Background questions
▪Have you ever been refused a visa or asked to leave Canada or another country?
▪Have you ever committed a crime, been arrested, charged or convicted of a crime in any country?
▪ Have you been diagnosed with tuberculosis in the last 2 years or have you had contact with a tuberculosis patient?
▪Do you have one of the specified conditions

▪ Please agree to the declaration of consent
▪ Please enter your full name (as listed in your passport).
Check all details again and click on "Proceed to Payment"
Payment

Please have your credit card ready and click on "Transmit and pay". In 
this step you now enter your credit card details.
If you do not have your own credit card, you are welcome to use that of a family member or friend. Please note: The company 
credit card, if available, may unfortunately not be used.
E-mail confirmation
After you have paid the fee for your application, you will receive a confirmation of receipt of payment from Immigration, Refugees 
and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) within a few minutes. In most cases, applicants will also receive an email shortly after submitting 
their application to confirm that their eTA has been approved"
Please also check your spam folder in your mailbox.
However, some applications may take several days to process. If this is the case with your application, you will receive an email 
confirming receipt from the IRCC (Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada) and another email informing you of the next 
steps.
Retrieve  / check individual  application
Once you have received confirmation by email, you can check the processing progress of your application using 
the eTA status check tool.
For this you need:
▪ The application number beginning with the letter V; you will find this at the top of the e-mail and
▪Details of the passport you used to apply for your eTA.
As soon as your eTA has been approved, you will receive a confirmation email.
We ask you to keep this printout in your hand luggage together with your passport for your flight,  check-in 
on board and at the end of your journey for the border authorities.
The eTA travel authorization is valid for up to five years after it is issued or until your passport expires.
